so one way that you can, um you build that camaraderie with your team
without, you know, cutting close that Fratton ization line. Um, it's
a challenge, to say the least, right? It really depends on communities
as well. It varies across the board. Some communities are on first
name basis with their folks throughout the entire triad, where other
communities is very formal and you address them by their title and
last name or just title only. So what you have to do is you first
gotta figure out what kind of community or you in and what are the
community norms and then work to those you know, if you're in a more
informal community, you could kind of be looked at in Ostracised is
an outsider if you are too formal. If you are in a community where
things are no formal and you are becoming a little more informal again,
it works that same way. People are gonna look at you a little bit
different, not take you seriously, and it's gonna jeopardize your
role as a leader. So you got a first kind of figure out what community
in my end, and then once you're in that, you know, play to those
community norms, but also make sure that the folks that you're leading
still understand where that leadership line lays. So sure, you might
work side by side with your people. I've even on certain employments.
I live in the same Ah, how's the same tent establishment with
my E three? And I was the senior chief, you know, we all live together
in the same community, but there still was that that line that he
still knew ultimately that I was I was the leader in charge. But we
did have, you know, informal style discussions. And talking together
is a platoon. So it's It's a challenge to say. I think the first thing
is you got to figure out what kind of community and you are in
and what are those community norms and then work to that